.TH FLICKCURL 1 "1 September 2008"
.SH NAME
flickcurl \- call Flickr API
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flickcurl
\fB\-a \fIFROB\fP\fR
.br
.B flickcurl
[\fB\-d \fIDELAY\fP\fR] [\fB\-h\fR] [\fB\-o FILE\fR] [\fB\-q\fR] [\fB\-v\fR] [\fB\-V\fR] [\fIcommands\fR] ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBflickcurl\fP is a utility program to call the Flickr APIs via the
flickcurl library.  Run \fIflickcurl \-h\fP to get a list of
the supported commands and their arguments.
.LP
The program requires configuring before use to work with the Flickr
APIs.  Run \fBflickcurl\fP without any options to get the instructions
for registering the application and creating the initial
configuration file \fI~/.flickcurl.conf\fP from the registration
information.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-a \fIFROB\fP, \-\-auth \fIFROB\fP
Authenticate with a \fIFROB\fP and update the authentication file.
The program will exit after updating the file.
.TP
.B \-d \fIDELAY\fP, \-\-delay \fIDELAY\fP
Set delay between requests to \fIDELAY\fP milliseconds.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options and exit.
.TP
.B \-o \fIFILE\fP, \-\-output \fIFILE\fP
Write the results of format feed API calls to \fIFILE\fP
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
Display less information while the program runs.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Display the version of the program and exit.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-verbose
Display more information while the program runs.
.SH COMMANDS
.IP "\fBactivity.userComments\fP \fI[PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Get photos commented on by the caller.
.IP "\fBactivity.userPhotos\fP \fI[TIMEFRAME [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get recent activity on the caller's photos.
.IP "\fBauth.checkToken\fP \fITOKEN\fP"
Get the credentials attached to an authentication TOKEN.
.IP "\fBauth.getFrob\fP \fI\fP"
Get a frob to be used during authentication.
.IP "\fBauth.getFullToken\fP \fIMINI-TOKEN\fP"
Get the full authentication token for MINI-TOKEN.
.IP "\fBauth.getToken\fP \fITOKEN\fP"
Get the auth token for the FROB, if one has been attached.
.IP "\fBblogs.getList\fP \fI\fP"
Get a list of configured blogs for the calling user.
.IP "\fBblogs.getServices\fP \fI\fP"
Get a list of blog services.
.IP "\fBblogs.postPhoto\fP \fIBLOG-ID PHOTO-ID TITLE DESCRIPTION [BLOG-PASSWORD]\fP"
Post PHOTO-ID to blog BLOG-ID with TITLE, DESCRIPTION and optional password.
.IP "\fBcollections.getInfo\fP \fICOLLECTION-ID\fP"
Get information on collection COLLECTION-ID
.IP "\fBcollections.getTree\fP \fI[COLLECTION-ID|- [USER-ID|-]]\fP"
Get tree of collections COLLECTION-ID for USER-ID
.IP "\fBcommons.getInstitutions\fP \fI\fP"
Get list of institutions
.IP "\fBcontacts.getList\fP \fI[FILTER [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get a list of contacts with optional FILTER
.IP "\fBcontacts.getListRecentlyUploaded\fP \fI[DATE-LAST-UPLOAD [FILTER]]\fP"
Get a list of recent uploading contacts since DATE-LAST-UPLOAD with optional FILTER
.IP "\fBfavorites.add\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Adds PHOTO-ID to the current user's favorites.
.IP "\fBfavorites.getList\fP \fIUSER-NSID [[PER-PAGE] [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get a list of USER-NSID's favorite photos.
.IP "\fBfavorites.getPublicList\fP \fIUSER-NSID [[PER-PAGE] [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get a list of USER-NSID's favorite public photos.
.IP "\fBfavorites.remove\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Removes PHOTO-ID to the current user's favorites.
.IP "\fBgalleries.addPhoto\fP \fIGALLERY-ID PHOTO-ID TEXT\fP"
Add photo PHOTO-ID to galleries GALLERY-ID with TEXT
.IP "\fBgalleries.create\fP \fITITLE [DESCRIPTION [PRIMARY-PHOTO-ID]\fP"
Create a new galleries with TITlE, DESCRIPTION and PRIMARY-PHOTO_ID.
.IP "\fBgalleries.editMeta\fP \fIGALLERY-ID TITLE [DESCRIPTION]\fP"
Set the TITLE and/or DESCRIPTION of a GALLERY-ID.
.IP "\fBgalleries.editPhoto\fP \fIGALLERY-ID PHOTO-ID COMMENT\fP"
Set the COMMENT for PHOTO-ID in GALLERY-ID.
.IP "\fBgalleries.editPhotos\fP \fIGALLERY-ID PRIMARY-PHOTO-ID PHOTO-IDS,...\fP"
Set the PHOTO-IDs of a GALLERY-ID and PRIMARY-PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBgalleries.getInfo\fP \fIGALLERY-ID\fP"
Get information about GALLERY-ID.
.IP "\fBgalleries.getList\fP \fIUSER-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Get list of galleries for a USER-ID with optional paging
.IP "\fBgalleries.getListForPhoto\fP \fIPHOTO-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Get list of galleries PHOTO-ID appears in with optional paging
.IP "\fBgalleries.getPhotos\fP \fIGALLERY-ID [EXTRAS [PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]]\fP"
Get the list of photos in GALLERY-ID with options.
.IP "\fBgetphotoid\fP \fIIMAGE-URL\fP"
Get the photo id from a raw flickr farm IMAGE-URL
.IP "\fBgroups.browse\fP \fI[CAT-ID]\fP"
Browse groups below category CAT-ID (or root).
.IP "\fBgroups.getInfo\fP \fIGROUP-ID [LANG]\fP"
Get information on group GROUP-ID with language LANG.
.IP "\fBgroups.members.getList\fP \fIGROUP-ID [MEMBER-TYPES [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get list of MEMBER-TYPES types members of group GROUP-ID.
.IP "\fBgroups.pools.add\fP \fIPHOTO-ID GROUP-ID\fP"
Add PHOTO-ID in GROUP-ID pool.
.IP "\fBgroups.pools.getContext\fP \fIPHOTO-ID GROUP-ID\fP"
Get next and previous photos for PHOTO-ID in GROUP-ID pool.
.IP "\fBgroups.pools.getGroups\fP \fI[PAGE [PER-PAGE]]\fP"
Get list of groups a user can add to.
.IP "\fBgroups.pools.getPhotos\fP \fIGROUP-ID [PAGE [PER-PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get list of photos in GROUP-ID.
.IP "\fBgroups.pools.remove\fP \fIPHOTO-ID GROUP-ID\fP"
Remove PHOTO-ID from group GROUP-ID.
.IP "\fBgroups.search\fP \fITEXT [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Search for groups matching TEXT paging PER-PAGE and PAGE.
.IP "\fBinterestingness.getList\fP \fI[PARAMS]\fP"
Get interesting photos with optional parameters
.br
date DATE 
.br
extras EXTRAS 
.br
per-page PER-PAGE 
.br
page PAGE 
.br
format FORMAT
.IP "\fBmachinetags.getNamespaces\fP \fI[PREDICATE [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get a list of namespaces with optional PREDICATE
.IP "\fBmachinetags.getPairs\fP \fI[NAMESPACE [PREDICATE [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]]\fP"
Get a list of unique NAMESPACE and PREDICATE pairs
.IP "\fBmachinetags.getPredicates\fP \fI[NAMESPACE [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get a list of unique predicates optionally by NAMESPACE
.IP "\fBmachinetags.getRecentValues\fP \fI[NAMESPACE|- [PREDICATE|- [ADDED-SINCE]]]\fP"
Get a list of recent machinetags for NAMESPACE and PREDICATE since ADDED-SINCE
.IP "\fBmachinetags.getValues\fP \fINAMESPACE PREDICATE [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Get a list of unique values for a NAMESPACE and PREDICATE
.IP "\fBpanda.getList\fP \fI\fP"
get the current list of pandas
.IP "\fBpanda.getPhotos\fP \fIPANDA\fP"
ask a PANDA for a list of recent public and safe photos
.IP "\fBpeople.findByEmail\fP \fIEMAIL\fP"
get a user's NSID from their EMAIL address
.IP "\fBpeople.findByUsername\fP \fIUSERNAME\fP"
get a user's NSID from their USERNAME
.IP "\fBpeople.getInfo\fP \fIUSER-NSID\fP"
Get information about one person with id USER-NSID
.IP "\fBpeople.getPhotos\fP \fIUSER-NSID\fP"
Get photos from user USER-NSID with optional parameters
.br
safe-search 1-3 
.br
min-upload-date DATE 
.br
max-upload-date DATE
.br
min-taken date DATE 
.br
max-taken-date DATE 
.br
content-type 1-7
.br
privacy-filter 1-5 
.br
per-page PER-PAGE 
.br
page PAGE 
.br
format FORMAT
.IP "\fBpeople.getPhotosOf\fP \fIUSER-NSID [PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get public photos of a user USER-NSID
.IP "\fBpeople.getPublicGroups\fP \fIUSER-NSID\fP"
Get list of public groups a user is amember of
.IP "\fBpeople.getPublicPhotos\fP \fIUSER-NSID [PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get public photos for a user USER-NSID
.IP "\fBpeople.getUploadStatus\fP \fI\fP"
Get calling user upload status
.IP "\fBphotos.addTags\fP \fIPHOTO-ID TAGS\fP"
Add TAGS to a PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.comments.addComment\fP \fIPHOTO-ID TEXT\fP"
Add a photo comment TEXT to PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.comments.deleteComment\fP \fICOMMENT-ID\fP"
Delete a photo comment COMMENT-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.comments.editComment\fP \fICOMMENT-ID TEXT\fP"
Edit a photo comment COMMENT-ID to have new TEXT.
.IP "\fBphotos.comments.getList\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get the comments for a photo PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.comments.getRecentForContacts\fP \fI[PARAMS]\fP"
Get the list of photos for user contacts with recent comments
.br
since DATE-LAST-COMMENT filter CONTACTS-FILTER
.br
per-page PER-PAGE page PAGE format FORMAT
.IP "\fBphotos.delete\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Delete a PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.geo.getLocation\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get the geo location for a photo PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.geo.getPerms\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get the geo perms for a photo PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.geo.removeLocation\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Remove the location for a photo PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.geo.setLocation\fP \fIPHOTO-ID LAT LONG ACCURACY\fP"
Set the location for a photo PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.geo.setPerms\fP \fIPHOTO-ID IS-PUBLIC IS-CONTACT IS-FRIEND IS-FAMILY\fP"
Set the geo perms for a photo PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotos.getAllContexts\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get all visible sets and pools the PHOTO-ID belongs to.
.IP "\fBphotos.getContactsPhotos\fP \fI\fP"
Get a list of recent photos from the calling users' contacts
.IP "\fBphotos.getContactsPublicPhotos\fP \fIUSER-NSID [FORMAT]\fP"
Get a list of recent public photos from USER-NSID's contacts
.IP "\fBphotos.getContext\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get next and previous photos for a PHOTO-ID in a photostream.
.IP "\fBphotos.getCounts\fP \fIDATES TAKEN-DATES\fP"
Get the counts for a set of DATES or TAKEN-DATES.
.IP "\fBphotos.getExif\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get EXIF information about one photo with id PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.getFavorites\fP \fIPHOTO-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Get favourites information about one photo with id PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.getInfo\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get information about one photo with id PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.getNotInSet\fP \fI[PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get list of photos that are not in any set
.IP "\fBphotos.getPerms\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get a photo viewing and commenting permissions
.IP "\fBphotos.getRecent\fP \fI[PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get list of recent photos
.IP "\fBphotos.getSizes\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get sizes of a PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.getUntagged\fP \fI[PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get list of photos that are not tagged
.IP "\fBphotos.getWithGeoData\fP \fI[PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get list of photos that have geo data
.IP "\fBphotos.getWithoutGeoData\fP \fI[PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get list of photos that do not have geo data
.IP "\fBphotos.licenses.getInfo\fP \fI\fP"
Get list of available photo licenses
.IP "\fBphotos.licenses.setLicense\fP \fIPHOTO-ID LICENSE-ID\fP"
Get photo PHOTO-ID license to LICENSE-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.notes.add\fP \fIPHOTO-ID X Y W H TEXT\fP"
Add a note (X, Y, W, H, TEXT) to a photo with id PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.notes.delete\fP \fINOTE-ID\fP"
Delete a note with id NOTE-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.notes.edit\fP \fINOTE-ID X Y W H TEXT\fP"
Edit note NOTE-ID to (X, Y, W, H, TEXT)
.IP "\fBphotos.people.add\fP \fIPHOTO-ID USER-ID X Y W H\fP"
Mark USER-ID appearing in PHOTO-ID at (X, Y, W, H)
.IP "\fBphotos.people.delete\fP \fIPHOTO-ID USER-ID\fP"
Mark USER-ID as not appearing in PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.people.deleteCoords\fP \fIPHOTO-ID USER-ID\fP"
Mark USER-ID as not appearing at coordinates in PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.people.editCoords\fP \fIPHOTO-ID USER-ID X Y W H\fP"
Update USER-ID appearing in PHOTO-ID to coords (X, Y, W, H)
.IP "\fBphotos.people.getList\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get list of users appearing in PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBphotos.recentlyUpdated\fP \fIMIN-DATE [PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]\fP"
Get list of photos that were recently updated
.IP "\fBphotos.removeTag\fP \fIPHOTO-ID TAG-ID\fP"
Remove a tag TAG-ID from a photo.
.IP "\fBphotos.search\fP \fI[PARAMS] tags TAGS...\fP"
Search for photos/videos with many optional parameters
.br
user USER 
.br
tag-mode any|all 
.br
text TEXT
.br
(min|max)-(upload|taken)-date DATE
.br
license LICENSE 
.br
privacy PRIVACY 
.br
bbox a,b,c,d
.br
sort date-(posted|taken)-(asc|desc)|interestingness-(desc|asc)|relevance
.br
accuracy 1-16 
.br
safe-search 1-3 
.br
type 1-4
.br
machine-tags TAGS 
.br
machine-tag-mode any|all
.br
group-id ID 
.br
place-id ID 
.br
extras EXTRAS
.br
per-page PER-PAGE 
.br
page PAGES
.br
media all|photos|videos 
.br
has-geo
.br
lat LAT lon LON radius RADIUS radius-units km|mi
.br
contacts (all|ff)
.br
format FORMAT 
.br
woeid WOEID
.br
geo-context 1-2
.br
in-commons 
.br
in-gallery
.IP "\fBphotos.setContentType\fP \fIPHOTO-ID TYPE\fP"
Set photo TYPE to one of 'photo', 'screenshot' or 'other'
.IP "\fBphotos.setDates\fP \fIPHOTO-ID POSTED TAKEN GRANULARITY\fP"
Set a photo POSTED date, TAKEN date with GRANULARITY
.IP "\fBphotos.setMeta\fP \fIPHOTO-ID TITLE DESCRIPTION\fP"
Set a photo TITLE and DESCRIPTION
.IP "\fBphotos.setPerms\fP \fIPHOTO-ID IS-PUBLIC IS-FRIEND IS-FAMILY PERM-COMMENT PERM-ADDMETA\fP"
Set a photo viewing and commenting permissions
.IP "\fBphotos.setSafetyLevel\fP \fIPHOTO-ID SAFETY-LEVEL HIDDEN\fP"
Set a photo's SAFETY-LEVEL and HIDDEN flag
.IP "\fBphotos.setTags\fP \fIPHOTO-ID TAGS\fP"
Set the tags for a PHOTO-ID to TAGS.
.IP "\fBphotos.transform.rotate\fP \fIPHOTO-ID DEGREES\fP"
Rotate PHOTO-ID by 90/180/270 DEGREES
.IP "\fBphotos.upload.checkTickets\fP \fITICKET-IDS...\fP"
Get the status of upload TICKET-IDS
.IP "\fBphotosets.addPhoto\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID PHOTO-ID\fP"
Add PHOTO-ID to a PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.comments.addComment\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID TEXT\fP"
Add a comment TEXT to photoset PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.comments.deleteComment\fP \fICOMMENT-ID\fP"
Delete a photoset comment COMMENT-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.comments.editComment\fP \fICOMMENT-ID TEXT\fP"
Edit a photoset comment COMMENT-ID to have new TEXT.
.IP "\fBphotosets.comments.getList\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID\fP"
Get the comments for a photoset PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.create\fP \fITITLE DESCRIPTION PRIMARY-PHOTO-ID\fP"
Create a photoset with TITLE, DESCRIPTION and PRIMARY-PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.delete\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID\fP"
Delete a photoset with PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.editMeta\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID TITLE DESCRIPTION\fP"
Set the TITLE and/or DESCRIPTION of a PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.editPhotos\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID PRIMARY-PHOTO-ID PHOTO-IDS,...\fP"
Set the PHOTO-IDs of a PHOTOSET-ID and PRIMARY-PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.getContext\fP \fIPHOTO-ID PHOTOSET-ID\fP"
Get next and previous photos for PHOTO-ID in PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.getInfo\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID\fP"
Get information about PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.getList\fP \fI[USER-NSID]\fP"
Get the list of photosets for the USER-NSID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.getPhotos\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID [EXTRAS [PRIVACY [PER-PAGE [PAGE [FORMAT]]]]]\fP"
Get the list of photos in PHOTOSET-ID with options.
.IP "\fBphotosets.orderSets\fP \fIPHOTOSET-IDS...\fP"
Set the order of sets PHOTOSET-IDS.
.IP "\fBphotosets.removePhoto\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID PHOTO-ID\fP"
Remove PHOTO-ID from PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.removePhotos\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID PHOTO-IDS...\fP"
Remove PHOTO-IDS from PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.reorderPhotos\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID PHOTO-IDS...\fP"
Reorder PHOTO-IDS from PHOTOSET-ID.
.IP "\fBphotosets.setPrimaryPhoto\fP \fIPHOTOSET-ID PHOTO-ID\fP"
Set photoset PHOTOSET-ID primary photo to PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBplaces.find\fP \fITEXT\fP"
Find places by TEXT query.
.IP "\fBplaces.findByLatLon\fP \fILAT LON ACCURACY\fP"
Find places by LAT and LON with ACCURACY 1-16.
.IP "\fBplaces.getChildrenWithPhotosPublic\fP \fIPLACE-ID|- [WOE-ID|-]\fP"
Find child places with public photos by PLACE-ID or WOE-ID
.IP "\fBplaces.getInfo\fP \fIPLACE-ID|- [WOE-ID|-]\fP"
Find place by PLACE-ID or WOE-ID
.IP "\fBplaces.getInfoByUrl\fP \fIURL\fP"
Find place by place URL
.IP "\fBplaces.getPlaceTypes\fP \fIURL\fP"
Get a list of available place types
.IP "\fBplaces.getShapeHistory\fP \fIPLACE-ID|- [WOE-ID|-]\fP"
Get history of shapes for a place by PLACE-ID or WOE-ID
.IP "\fBplaces.getTopPlacesList\fP \fIPLACE-TYPE [DATE [WOE-ID|- [PLACE-ID]]]\fP"
Get the top 100 most geotagged places for a DATE (or yesterday).
.IP "\fBplaces.placesForBoundingBox\fP \fIPLACE-TYPE MIN-LONG MIN-LAT MAX-LONG MAX-LAT\fP"
Find user places of PLACE-TYPE in bbox.
.IP "\fBplaces.placesForContacts\fP \fIPLACE-TYPE WOE-ID|- PLACE-ID|- THRESHOLD [PARAMS]\fP"
Find top 100 unique places clustered by a given PLACE-TYPE for a
.br
user's contacts with optional parameters
.br
contacts CONTACTS 
.br
min-upload MIN-UPLOAD-DATE 
.br
max-upload MAX-UPLOAD-DATE
.br
min-taken MIN-TAKEN-DATE 
.br
max-taken MAX-TAKEN-DATE
.IP "\fBplaces.placesForUser\fP \fIPLACE-TYPE [WOE-ID] [PLACE-ID [THRESHOLD]]]\fP"
Find user places of PLACE-TYPE.
.IP "\fBplaces.resolvePlaceId\fP \fIPLACE-ID  / WOE-ID\fP"
Find places information by PLACE-ID or WOE-ID (number).
.IP "\fBplaces.resolvePlaceURL\fP \fIPLACE-URL\fP"
Find places information by PLACE-URL.
.IP "\fBplaces.tagsForPlace\fP \fIPLACE-ID|- [WOE-ID|-]\fP"
Get tags for a place by PLACE-ID or WOE-ID with optional parameters
.br
min-upload MIN-UPLOAD-DATE 
.br
max-upload MAX-UPLOAD-DATE
.br
min-taken MIN-TAKEN-DATE 
.br
max-taken MAX-TAKEN-DATE
.IP "\fBprefs.getContentType\fP \fI\fP"
Get default content type preference for user.
.IP "\fBprefs.getGeoPerms\fP \fI\fP"
Get default privacy level for geographic info for user.
.IP "\fBprefs.getHidden\fP \fI\fP"
Get default hidden preference for user.
.IP "\fBprefs.getPrivacy\fP \fI\fP"
Get default privacy preference for user.
.IP "\fBprefs.getSafetyLevel\fP \fI\fP"
Get default safety level for user.
.IP "\fBreflection.getMethodInfo\fP \fINAME\fP"
Get information about an API method NAME
.IP "\fBreflection.getMethods\fP \fI\fP"
Get API methods
.IP "\fBreplace\fP \fIFILE PHOTO-ID [async]\fP"
Replace a photo PHOTO-ID with a new FILE (async)
.IP "\fBshorturi\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get the http://flic.kr short uri for PHOTO-ID
.IP "\fBstats.getCollectionDomains\fP \fIDATE [COLLECTION-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get collection domains stats
.IP "\fBstats.getCollectionReferrers\fP \fIDATE DOMAIN [COLLECTION-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get collection referrers stats
.IP "\fBstats.getCollectionStats\fP \fIDATE COLLECTION-ID\fP"
Get collection view count stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotoDomains\fP \fIDATE [PHOTO-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get photo domains stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotoReferrers\fP \fIDATE DOMAIN [PHOTO-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get photo referrers stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotoStats\fP \fIDATE PHOTO-ID\fP"
Get photo view count stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotosetDomains\fP \fIDATE [PHOTOSET-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get photoset domains stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotosetReferrers\fP \fIDATE DOMAIN [PHOTOSET-ID [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]]\fP"
Get photoset referrers stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotosetStats\fP \fIDATE PHOTOSET-ID\fP"
Get photoset view count stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotostreamDomains\fP \fIDATE [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Get photostream domains stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotostreamReferrers\fP \fIDATE DOMAIN [PER-PAGE [PAGE]]\fP"
Get photostream referrers stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPhotostreamStats\fP \fIDATE\fP"
Get photostream view count stats
.IP "\fBstats.getPopularPhotos\fP \fI[DATE [SORT [PER-PAGE [PAGE [EXTRAS]]]]]\fP"
Get popular photos stats
.IP "\fBstats.getTotalViews\fP \fI[DATE]\fP"
Get total stats
.IP "\fBtags.getClusters\fP \fITAG\fP"
Get list of tag clusters for TAG
.IP "\fBtags.getHotList\fP \fI[PERIOD [COUNT]]\fP"
Get the list of hot tags for the given PERIOD (day, week)
.IP "\fBtags.getListPhoto\fP \fIPHOTO-ID\fP"
Get the tag list for a PHOTO-ID.
.IP "\fBtags.getListUser\fP \fI[USER-NSID]\fP"
Get the tag list for a USER-NSID (or current user).
.IP "\fBtags.getListUserPopular\fP \fI[USER-NSID [COUNT]]\fP"
Get the popular tag list for a USER-NSID (or current user).
.IP "\fBtags.getListUserRaw\fP \fI[TAG]\fP"
Get the raw versions of a TAG (or all tags) for the current user.
.IP "\fBtags.getRelated\fP \fITAG\fP"
Get a list of tags 'related' to TAG based on clustered usage analysis.
.IP "\fBtest.echo\fP \fIKEY VALUE\fP"
Test echo API call; echos KEY VALUE
.IP "\fBtest.login\fP \fI\fP"
Test login API call: returns username
.IP "\fBtest.null\fP \fIKEY VALUE\fP"
Test null API call: no return
.IP "\fBupload\fP \fIFILE [PARAMS...]\fP"
Upload a photo FILE with optional parameters PARAM or PARAM VALUE
.br
title TITLE 
.br
description DESC 
.br
tags TAGS... 
.br
friend 
.br
public 
.br
family
.IP "\fBurls.getGroup\fP \fIGROUP-ID\fP"
Get the url of the group page for GROUP-ID.
.IP "\fBurls.getUserPhotos\fP \fIUSER-NSID\fP"
Get the url of the photo page for USER-NSID.
.IP "\fBurls.getUserProfile\fP \fIUSER-NSID\fP"
Get the url of the profile page for USER-NSID.
.IP "\fBurls.lookupGroup\fP \fIURL\fP"
Get a group NSID from the URL to a group's page or photo pool.
.IP "\fBurls.lookupUser\fP \fIURL\fP"
Get a user NSID from the URL to a user's photo
.SH Extras Fields
The \fBEXTRAS\fP parameter can take a comma-separated set of the following values
.TP
\fBdate_taken\fP
Date item was taken
.TP
\fBdate_upload\fP
Date item was uploaded
.TP
\fBgeo\fP
Geotagging latitude, longitude and accuracy
.TP
\fBicon_server\fP
Item owner icon fields
.TP
\fBlast_update\fP
Date item was last updated
.TP
\fBlicense\fP
Item License 
.TP
\fBmachine_tags\fP
Machine tags
.TP
\fBmedia\fP
Item Format: photo or video
.TP
\fBo_dims\fP
Original item dimensions
.TP
\fBoriginal_format\fP
Original item secret and format
.TP
\fBowner_name\fP
Item owner ID
.TP
\fBpath_alias\fP
Path alias for owner like /photos/USERNAME
.TP
\fBtags\fP
Item clean tags (safe for HTML, URLs)
.TP
\fBurl_m\fP
URL of medium size image
.TP
\fBurl_o\fP
URL of original size image
.TP
\fBurl_s\fP
URL of small size image
.TP
\fBurl_sq\fP
URL of square size image
.TP
\fBurl_t\fP
URL of thumbnail size image
.TP
\fBviews\fP
Number of times item has been viewed
.SH Photos List Feed Formats
The \fBFORMAT\fP parameter can take any of the following values
.TP
\fBfeed-rss_100\fP
RSS 1.0
.TP
\fBfeed-rss_200\fP
RSS 2.0
.TP
\fBfeed-atom_10\fP
Atom 1.0
.TP
\fBfeed-georss\fP
RSS 2.0 with GeoRSS and W3C Geo for geotagged photos
.TP
\fBfeed-geoatom\fP
Atom 1.0 with GeoRSS and W3C Geo for geotagged photos
.TP
\fBfeed-geordf\fP
RSS 1.0 with GeoRSS and W3C Geo for geotagged photos
.TP
\fBfeed-kml\fP
KML 2.1
.TP
\fBfeed-kml_nl\fP
KML 2.1 network link
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR flickrdf (1).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
flickcurl was written by David Beckett.
.PP
This manual page was written by Kumar Appaiah <akumar@ee.iitm.ac.in>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
